iOS READMEs - Features (#853)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Features/Feature layer definition expression/README.md

# Feature layer definition expression

Limit the features displayed on a map with a definition expression. 

![Map with features](feature-layer-expression-1.png)
![Map after applied expression](feature-layer-expression-1.png)

## Use case

Set a definition expression to filter out the features to be displayed. You might filter a dataset of tree quality selecting for only those trees which require maintenance or are damaged.

## How to use the sample

> Tap the 'Apply expression' button to limit the features requested from the feature layer to those specified by the SQL query definition expression. Tap the 'Reset' button to remove the definition expression on the feature layer, which returns all the records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tap the "Apply expression" button to limit the features requested from the feature layer to those specified by the SQL query definition expression. Tap the "Reset" button to remove the definition expression on the feature layer, which returns all the records.
```
Double quote?
